New Recipe: Mainframe Offload (#144)
confluentinc/ksqldb-recipes: docs/real-time-analytics/mainframe-offload/index.md

---
seo:
  title: Modernize Mainframes for Real-Time
  description: This ksqlDB recipe demonstrates how to modernize mainframes to a more modern data-store in real-time
---

# Modernize Mainframes for Real-Time

> From order processing to financial transactions, inventory control to payroll, mainframes continue to support many mission-critical applications, still performing the majority of batch processing for many enterprises.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From order processing to financial transactions, inventory control to payroll, mainframes continue to support many mission-critical applications by continuing to perform the majority of batch processing for many enterprises.
```
